1. Which Aggregate function that does not ignore NULLS(SQL)
    a.Distinct b.count(*) c.Average d.all the above
    ANSWER : b
2.Public directive of Cache Control Header of HTTP response indicates that
    resource is cachable by any component.
    A - true(1)
    B - false(0)
    ANSWER : 1
3. Identify the true statement
    a. It is possible to have more than one value as primary key
    b. the primary key constraint can be referred to only one foreign key
    c. the primary key constraint can be imposed by combining one or more column
    d. Two primarykey on two different tables can have same name
    answer : c

4. GroupBy if used ............can be used to remove duplicates from data
    a. with aggregates
    b.with order by
    c.without order by
    d.without aggregates

5. which is true , if data is required in descending order
    a.both b and c
    b.use "IN DESC" with orderby clause
    c. use "<> ASC" with orderby clause
    d.None of these

6. which is not correct
    a. A recursive method must have base class
    b.recursion always used stack
    c. Recurion is managed by Java runtime environment
    d. Recursion is faster than the programs written loop to call the function repeatedly
     ANSWER : D

7. which is true
    a.if programmer wants to use several threads then he have to use stringbuffer
    b. StringBuffer is synchronized,StringBuilder is non-synchronized
    c. string is immutable , stringbuffer and stringbuilder are mutable
    d. all the above
    ANSWER : D
8. What is false about session object in hibernate
    a. session is light weight and non thread safe
    b.we can share session between threads
    c.session represents single unit of work in database
    d.Session is the primary interface for the persistence service
    ANSER : B

9. Which is not an session method
    a.save
    b.remove
    c.saveorUpdate
    d. none of the above
    ANSWER : b
10.The most commonly used ApplicationContext implementations are −

   FileSystemXmlApplicationContext −
   This container loads the definitions of the beans from an XML file. Here you need to provide the full path of the XML bean configuration file to the constructor.

   ClassPathXmlApplicationContext −
   This container loads the definitions of the beans from an XML file. Here you do not need to provide the full path of the XML file but you need to set CLASSPATH properly because this container will look like bean configuration XML file in CLASSPATH.

   WebXmlApplicationContext −
   This container loads the XML file with definitions of all beans from within a web application.
11. if a bean is created any number of times , then the scope is?
    a.session
    b.global-session
    c.prototype
    d. request
    answer : prototype

12. There are basically two types of IOC Containers in Spring:
    BeanFactory: BeanFactory is like a factory class that contains a collection of beans. It instantiates the bean whenever asked for by clients.
    ApplicationContext: The ApplicationContext interface is built on top of the BeanFactory interface.
13. which is not available in oracle
    a.on delete cascade
    b.on update cascade
    c.create sequence in oracle
    d.drop sequence in oracle

    answer: b
14.A . . . . . . . subquery is one that depends on a value in the outer query.

   A) nested
   B) correlated
   C) materialized
   D) both b & c

   ANSWER : B
15.Which prefixes are available to Oracle triggers?
   A. :new only
   B. :old only
   C. Both :new and :old
   D. Neither :new nor :old
   Answer: Option C

16. A sub query evaluated how many times
    a.twice b.thrice c.once d.none of the above
    answer : c
17. default format mask date in oracle
    a. dd-mm-yy b.mon-dd-yyyy c.mon-dd-yy d.dd-mon-yyyy
    answer: a
18.addScalar() method in hibernate...
    Double max = (Double) sess.createSQLQuery("select max(cat.weight) as
    maxWeight from cats cat")
    .addScalar("maxWeight", Hibernate.DOUBLE);
    .uniqueResult();
    addScalar() method confim that maxWeight is always double type.

    This way you don't need to check for it is double or not.

    http://www.techfaq360.com/hibernate_interview_questions.jsp?qid=13

 19.What is the main difference between the Set and Bag collections in Hibernate? In what scenarios should we use Set and Bag?
 A <bag> is an unordered collection,
 which can contain duplicated elements.
 That means if you persist a bag with some order of elements,
 you cannot expect the same order retains when the collection is retrieved. There is not a “bag” concept in Java collections framework, so we just use a java.util.List corresponds to a <bag>.
 A <set> is similar to <bag> except that it can only store unique objects. That means no duplicate elements can be contained in a set.
 When you add the same element to a set for second time, it will replace the old one. A set is unordered by default but we can ask it to be sorted. The corresponding type of a in Java is java.util.Set.

 20.which is true
  a.bag has index column
  b. bag allows duplicates
  c. bag doesnt allow duplicates
  d. none of the above
  answer : c

21.Q. You need to give the MANAGER role the ability to select from insert into and modify existing rows in the STUDENT_GRADES table.

   Anyone given this MANAGER role should be able to pass those privileges on to others. Which statement accomplishes this.

   A. GRANT select, insert, update ON student_grades TO manager;

   B. GRANT select, insert, update ON student_grades TO ROLE manager

   C. GRANT select, insert, modity ON student_grades TO manager WITH GRANT OPTION;

   D. GRANT select, insert, update ON student_grades TO manager WITH GRANT OPTION

   E. GRANT select, insert, update ON student_grades TO ROLE manager WITH GRANT OPTION;

   F. GRANT select, insert, modify ON student_grades TO ROLE manager WITH GRANT OPTION

    answer : D

    https://www.stechies.com/oracle-certified-professional-exams-iz007-questions-set-1_1/

22.A table that displays data redundancies yields ____________ anomalies
   a.	Insertion
   b.	Deletion
   c.	Update
   d.	All of the above
   Answer:All of the above

23 , what is % in sql
    Represents zero or more characters	bl% finds bl, black, blue, and blob
    https://www.w3schools.com/sql/sql_wildcards.asp

24.Is ++ (increment) operator thread-safe in Java?
No. Neither increment operator (++)
nor the decrement operaor (--) is thread safe

25.Which of the following HTTP Status code means CREATED, when a resource is
   successful created using POST or PUT request?
   A - 200
   B - 201
   C - 204
   D - 304
answer : b

26.- Which of the following annotation of JAX RS API is used to annotate a method
   used to create/update resource?
   A - @Path
   B - @GET
   C - @PUT
   D - @POST
   answer : D

27.Servlet Filters are Java classes that can be used in Servlet Programming for the following purposes −
   To intercept requests from a client before they access a resource at back end.
   To manipulate responses from server before they are sent back to the client.
   There are various types of filters suggested by the specifications −
   Authentication Filters.
   Data compression Filters.
   Encryption Filters.
   Filters that trigger resource access events.
   Image Conversion Filters.
   Logging and Auditing Filters.
   MIME-TYPE Chain Filters.
   Tokenizing Filters .
   XSL/T Filters That Transform XML Content.
28.he isScriptingEnabled Attribute
   The isScriptingEnabled attribute determines if the scripting elements are allowed for use.

   The default value (true) enables scriptlets, expressions, and declarations. If the attribute's value is set to false, a translation-time error will be raised if the JSP uses any scriptlets, expressions (non-EL), or declarations.

   The attribute’s value can be set to false if you want to restrict the usage of scriptlets, expressions (non-EL), or declarations −

   <%@ page isScriptingEnabled = "false" %>

29. Which of these method waits for the thread to treminate?
   A. sleep()B. isAlive()C. join()D. stop()
   answer : c
   http://www.allindiaexams.in/engineering/cse/java-questions-and-answers/threads

30.for Oracle 11g :(Maximum allowed column)
   1000 Columns per table
   32 columns per index
   Logical Database Limits:
   https://docs.oracle.com/cd/B28359_01/server.111/b28320/limits003.htm#i288032
31.how do we  maintain data integrity in a database
    a.using indexes
    b. using referential constraints
    c.using primary key
    d. both B and C
    Answer: ?
32.A savepoint is a way of implementing subtransactions
(also known as nested transactions) within a relational database management
system by indicating a point within a transaction that can
be "rolled back to" without affecting any work done in the transaction
before the savepoint was created.

33.In SQL (Structured Query Language), the term cardinality refers to the uniqueness of data values contained in a particular column (attribute) of a database table. The lower the cardinality, the more duplicated elements in a column.

34.Can we use select statement in stored procedure?
   Stored procedures are typically executed with an EXEC statement. However, you can execute a stored procedure implicitly from within a SELECT statement, provided that the stored procedure returns a result set.

35.An interface can have default methods and static methods. Any other methods are implicitly public and abstract. All the fields declared in an interface are implicitly public, static and final constants. ... The static method sayHello can be called directly using the interface name without any sub classes.

36.